Now that our JUnit extensions have been released... (#425)
retest/recheck-web: README.md

driver = new RecheckDriver( new ChromeDriver() );
```

> Then you either need to call `driver.capTest()` after your test has finished, or you can integrate recheck into your JUnit life-cycle with [JUnit4](https://github.com/retest/recheck-junit-4-extension) and [JUnit 5](https://github.com/retest/recheck-junit-jupiter-extension)...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you either need to call `driver.capTest()` after your test has finished, or you can integrate recheck into your JUnit life-cycle with our [JUnit 4](https://github.com/retest/recheck-junit-4-extension) and [JUnit 5](https://github.com/retest/recheck-junit-jupiter-extension) extensions.
```
